Fix documentation for bin and extraLibs options (#521)
QuasarApp/CQtDeployer: docs/en/Options.md

* **-libOut [package;path,path]** - parameter with support for selecting the package for which the flag value is set. As a separator, use ';'. Please note that the rule described above is used to enumerate parameter values. The last parameter does not have a package value, this means that this value will be set for all non-configured packages by default.
* **clear** - boolean option

> ## Definitions in description 
> **System environment** - is  pathes of the sstem libraryes.
>     Windows: C:\Windows\System32 and C:\Windows\SysWOW64. And any another pathes difined in the PATH variable.
>     Linux: /usr/lib and /lib. And any another pathes defined in the LD_LIBRARY_PATH or PATH variables.
> 
> **Deployable files** - is all file that will be copy in to targer dirictory. (libraries, resources)
> **Targets** - is all files marked by bin option.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Definitions in description 
**System environment** - is  pathes of the sstem libraryes.
    Windows: C:\Windows\System32 and C:\Windows\SysWOW64. And any another pathes difined in the PATH variable.
    Linux: /usr/lib and /lib. And any another pathes defined in the LD_LIBRARY_PATH or PATH variables.

**deployable files** - are all file that will be copied into distribution (incude executable files)

**Targets** - are all executable files marked by bin option.
**Executable files ** - are all files with PE, ELF and Mach-O formats.

```

Author: @pzhlkj6612 What do you think about this ?

| Option                      | Descriptiion                                              |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|

> |   -bin [list,params]       | Deployable file or folder. For example -bin ~/my/project/bin/,~/my/project/bin.exe. The bin option can also work with files of any format. Everything that will be listed as arguments to this option will be copied to the DestributionKit/bin folder and will be located next to the executable files.   |

Author: 1. ok i will add description for the deployable files.
2. no, the Distribution Kit have a strong structure, all files marked like bin must be copied in to binOut folder.
3. Yes, you right.

> |   -bin [list,params]       | Deployable file or folder. For example -bin ~/my/project/bin/,~/my/project/bin.exe. The bin option can also work with files of any format. Everything that will be listed as arguments to this option will be copied to the DestributionKit/bin folder and will be located next to the executable files.   |

Reviewer: > no, the Distribution Kit have a strong structure, all files marked like bin must be copied in to binOut folder.

Well, what if the user use the parameter `targetDir`?

> |   -bin [list,params]       | Deployable file or folder. For example -bin ~/my/project/bin/,~/my/project/bin.exe. The bin option can also work with files of any format. Everything that will be listed as arguments to this option will be copied to the DestributionKit/bin folder and will be located next to the executable files.   |

Author: targetDir sets root for your distribution and XXXoutDir options sets releastive path from root.
example 
targetDir = /opt/MyApp
binDir = targetDir + binPutDir = /opt/MyApp/bin

> |   -bin [list,params]       | Deployable file or folder. For example -bin ~/my/project/bin/,~/my/project/bin.exe. The bin option can also work with files of any format. Everything that will be listed as arguments to this option will be copied to the DestributionKit/bin folder and will be located next to the executable files.   |

Reviewer: I don't think we should assume that the option "binOutDir" exists by default.

<br>

And,

> Why "DestributionKit/bin"? It is better to use "the destination directory".

I mean that we should not use the hardcoded name "DestributionKit". This name did not exist in Option.md before the modification, right?

> |   -bin [list,params]       | Deployable file or folder. For example -bin ~/my/project/bin/,~/my/project/bin.exe. The bin option can also work with files of any format. Everything that will be listed as arguments to this option will be copied to the DestributionKit/bin folder and will be located next to the executable files.   |

Author: oh i understand you, yes i will remove this hard code from docs.

| Option                      | Descriptiion                                              |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|

> |   -bin [list,params]       | Files to deploy or folders that contain files to deploy. For example -bin ~/my/project/bin/,~/my/project/bin.exe,~/my/project/runtimeLinking/lib.dll. For files: These files will be unconditional copied to the destination directory, regardless of their format or suffix. For folders: CQtDeployer will enter these folders and non-recursively copy all deployable files to the destination directory. Then, CQtDeployer will be extract all dependencies of the copied files. The CQtDeployer will be search dependencies in a system environment and in libDir paths. |

Author: i am merge it

|                             | For example -libDir ~/myLib,~/newLibs                           |
|   -extraLibs [list,params]  | Sets the mask of the library name for forced copying.           |
|                             | Example: "-extraLib mySql" - forces to copy all libraries whose |

> |                             |names contain mySql to the project folder. This option is case sensitive. This option will not copy libraries whose names are not mentioned in the list of dependencies (Example: plugins or libs loaded using **dlopen** or **LoadLibrary** functions).|

Author: yes you right.
